Clarify Promise.prototype.finally() (#16747)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/promise/finally/index.md

---
{{JSRef}}

> The **`finally()`** method is called on a {{jsxref("Promise")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`finally()`** method of a {{jsxref("Promise")}} schedules a function, the _callback function_, to be called when the promise is settled. Like `then()` and `catch()`, it immediately returns an equivalent {{jsxref("Promise")}} object, allowing to chain calls to a promise methods, an operation called _composition.
```

Author: changed to almost the same

```js

> p.finally(onFinally);

Author: done

> p.finally(function onFinally() {

Author: I went with the arrow function

> p.finally(function onFinally() {

Author: I changed it to an arrow function as per suggestion above

>    // will run after p is settled (fulfilled or rejected)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // Code that will run after p is settled (fulfilled or rejected)
```

Author: I adopted that wording, better

>    // will run after p is settled (fulfilled or rejected)

Author: ... will run after promise is settled...

### Return value

> Passes through an equivalent {{jsxref("Promise")}} to the one this call was made on.
> If the function callback throws an error, the return promise will be rejected 
> with that value instead.

Reviewer: This change is incorrect I think. What about
```suggestion
Returns an equivalent {{jsxref("Promise")}} with its `finally` handler set to the specified function.
```

Author: done

- When creating a function inline, you can pass it once, instead of being forced to
  either declare it twice, or create a variable for it
- A `finally` callback will not receive any argument. This use case
  is for precisely when you _do not care_ about the rejection reason, or the
  fulfillment value, and so there's no need to provide it. 

> - A `finally` call will chain through an equivalent to the orignal promise.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A `finally` call will chain through an equivalent to the original promise.  
```

Author: doh!  done

  So for example:
  - Unlike `Promise.resolve(2).then(() => 77, () => {})` (which

>     will return a promise which will be resolved with `77`), 

Author: yeah, that's better wording.  used it.

    `Promise.resolve(2).finally(() => {})` will return a 

>     promise which will be resolved with `2`.

Author: done

  - Similarly, unlike `Promise.reject(3).then(() => {}, () => 88)`

>     (which will, again, return a promise which will be rejected with `88`),

Author: done.  It's good I'm learning the lingo.

>     `Promise.reject(3).finally(() => {})` will return a promise 

Author: done

>     which will be rejected with `3`.

Author: yup

> **Note:** A `throw` (or returning a rejected promise) in the

> > `finally` callback will reject the promise, which will, in that case, 

Author: will reject the returned promise with the reason `99`.
